[FIX] split MEG files should be listed separately in scans.tsv (#735)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/04-modality-specific-files/02-magnetoencephalography.md

For example Neuromag/Elekta/Megin, which can produce several files
for a single recording.
Both `some_file.fif` and `some_file-1.fif` would belong to a single recording.
In BIDS, the [`split`](../99-appendices/09-entities.md#split) entity is RECOMMENDED to deal with split files. 
If there are split files and the optional `scans.tsv` is provided, remember to list all parts
of the split file in `scans.tsv` and that the entries for the `acq_time` column in `scans.tsv`

> MUST be identical, as described in

Reviewer: @eort I think you just missed this one in the recent set of changes.

Author: yes, I have. Thanks for pointing it out!

Author: Yes, I did. Thanks for pointing out!

Reviewer: Sorry for the delay in responding, but it looks like you _reverted_ one of the text changes in eaf6e62 instead of updating the last text snippet, so now only 1 of the 3 duplicate text snippets reflect the new changes.

Author: Sorry, should be fixed now.

Reviewer: It looks like you reverted the last snippet to the old text instead of using the new text in the other snippets.

Author: It actually became a hybrid version. Given your initial remark on that particular issue, the current version should also be fine (the phrase `split file` is not used anymore), but if you think it is better I can also change 
> all parts separately

to 

> all files separately

Reviewer: Ah, I see. Thanks! I think saying "files" instead of "parts" is key, since "part" is ambiguous, while "file" isn't, so if you could change that, that would be great.

For example Neuromag/Elekta/Megin, which can produce several files
for a single recording.
Both `some_file.fif` and `some_file-1.fif` would belong to a single recording.

> In BIDS, the [`split`](../99-appendices/09-entities.md#split) entity is RECOMMENDED to deal with split files. Split files SHOULD be listed as separate recordings in the `scans.tsv` file.

Reviewer 2: just adding a line break here

```suggestion
In BIDS, the [`split`](../99-appendices/09-entities.md#split) entity is RECOMMENDED to deal with split files.
Split files SHOULD be listed as separate recordings in the `scans.tsv` file.
```

For example Neuromag/Elekta/Megin, which can produce several files
for a single recording.
Both `some_file.fif` and `some_file-1.fif` would belong to a single recording.
In BIDS, the [`split`](../99-appendices/09-entities.md#split) entity is RECOMMENDED to deal with split files. 

> If there are split files, they MUST be listed as separate recordings in the `scans.tsv` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there are split files and the optional `scans.tsv` is provided, remember to list all parts
of the split file in `scans.tsv` and that the entries for the `acq_time` column in `scans.tsv`
MUST be identical, as described in
[Scans file](../03-modality-agnostic-files.md#scans-file).
```

> If there are split files, they SHOULD be listed as separate recordings in the `scans.tsv` file.

Reviewer 3: Why make it a SHOULD when it could also be a MUST? :) Just saying…

Reviewer 2: I was thinking for backward compatibility reasons. But one could make the case that because the case was unclear before (whether to put each split individually, or only a single split into scans), the usual BIDS rules must have applied (putting each scan individually), and thus this is a backward compatible clarification that removes an unfortunate ambiguity.

So +1 to change SHOULD to MUST

Reviewer 3: Yes my POV is also: it was unclear / unspecified before, now let's not make the mistake to leave us in this miserable situation by making it a wobbly SHOULD. -> Let's go for the MUST.

Author: MUST it is then
